I know your favorite emoji is I know the
one that you use every day it's your
favorite one girls you love the the poop
emoji yeah you love it use it every day
you've seen it right it's like a little
it's like a little whip parfait of shit
tag you use it every day coffee cup
coffee cup coffee cup Eagles poo poo poo
I know we all know your shit why did
they give it eyes does that bother
anybody else that bothers me
I find that very disconcerting that they
gave a tiny little pile of poo little
peepers whose decision was that is there
like a meeting at the emoji company
everybody was in a conference room
everybody Rob good to see you good
morning we're very very excited about
our new line of emojis we think the
general populace is going to really
enjoy these we're gonna put a couple up
on the projector maybe do a couple
last-minute details if we could just
click the next ah yes here we have the
defecation emoji and this is who by the
way who Wilcox stand up this is
wonderful the artistry here is fantastic
Wilcox you really nailed it
this is the kind of crap somebody would
take if they were using a hula hoop and
shitting on dry land
boom
crapping on a sidewalk you got it Wilcox
but it lacks soul give it some eyes you
know I'll take it back right now if one
person here can honestly tell me you've
ever taken a crop stood up looked into
the toilet because you always look
nobody here has ever not looked nobody
has ever taken a crap stood up wife
tossed over the shoulder and trusted
things were alright you look you look
you have to look because when you look
it makes you feel like an artist like I
created this this looks like a swan
silhouette I did this
you always look before you jettison it
off into the abyss